hey guys nuisance Daniel and today I'm
at the kick to the invitation with a
beautiful Rachel Bennette so nice are
you excited to be here I'm sorry I
talked to me about when they first asked
you to be the image Invitational I just
thought about doing better this year
learnt a lesson I didn't even get out of
the group stages so I was like do think
you're gonna have better luck this year
are you feeling confident actually we
play some warm-up games yeah so last
year this whole tournament was all in
line and then the two finalists got
flown to New York City but what do you
think is going to change with all of you
guys are here there's 20 people here
around the corner in the studio how do
you how do you feel it's gonna change
things just all being here together
besides the fact that it's awesome yeah
I think it's good to like see the guy
you're playing guys like you're not
playing as a Thursday look kid this kid
that is much better than you and like
online but you know the guy you know how
the plays are like see they're nervous
yeah um tell me who you are looking
forward to being matched up in the group
stage draw who do you want to knock out
first bang Thanks because she's a girl
yes Brewed no no I she's my favorite
I think that right now I kind of want to
be if you go play out he's kind of like
my big goal okay so what talk to me
about who you picked this year you got
seven teams in front of you yes who did
you pick and why did you pick them I
basically just picked these strongest
players the some skills like Ronaldo
we've got Ibrahim oh it's PSG dormant a
lot of pace
like we need Real Madrid with Ronaldo
Barcelona they're just placed so well
messy alone of course a legend but burn
eunuch - City and FC Basel as money
three and half starting right okay here
do you want to stay away from in the
first star I kinda want to stay away
from I James yeah
Bateson he's a really good player Sarika
there are so many good you know all the
flavors you're all good you know that's
just an assessment it was like I don't
know people guy thing but Wilson so if
you're not just a normal paper guy and
you take the $10,000 what are you gonna
do with that money gonna buy a house
with my grandma well good luck to you
thank you so much hey guys music Daniel
and you once in the kid to the
Invitational what when you make youtube
videos you just do them to be bash that
how bad I try it I try it when I do I
try my hardest rhyming game so that's
what people kind of find funny
good luck heart is broken that is the
meanest okay well ten G's is on the one
yeah so it's a big deal have you thought
about what you're gonna spend on